Params: remove stage deps and --all option (#1152)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/params/diff.md

## Synopsis

```usage

> usage: dvc params diff [-h] [-q | -v] [--all] [--show-json] [a_rev] [b_rev]

Reviewer: Got too long.
```suggestion
usage: dvc params diff [-h] [-q | -v] [--all] [--show-json]
                       [a_rev] [b_rev]
```

Reviewer: Imma just commit this one.

## Description

> This command provides a quick way to compare parameter values from your
> experiments in the repository history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command provides a quick way to compare parameter values among experiments
in the repository history. Requires that Git is being used to version the
project params.
```

Reviewer: > p.s. I'm applying similar changes to `metrics diff` in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1131/files#diff-8c12fa5ffd3e179ae1be9ed9eb448622
